Mention Twig escaping strategies and brute force attacks on security guide (#650)
piwik/developer-documentation: docs/4.x/security-in-piwik.md

*Note: You can sanitize text that isn't in a request parameter by using [Piwik::sanitizeInputValues()](/api-reference/Piwik/Common#sanitizeinputvalues).*

### Use the correct Twig escaping strategy

> It's import to use the [correct escaping strategy](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/filters/escape.html) depending on where you are printing a value. For example, when prining a value in an HTML attribute like "title" or "label", then we need to use an `|e('html_attr')` escaping strategy. Other escaping stragies are `js`, `css`,  `url` and `html` (which is the default strategy).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's important to use the [correct escaping strategy](https://twig.symfony.com/doc/3.x/filters/escape.html) depending on where you are printing a value. For example, when printing a value in an HTML attribute like "title" or "label", then we need to use an `|e('html_attr')` escaping strategy. Other escaping strategies are `js`, `css`,  `url` and `html` (which is the default strategy).
```
